Beijing, what are you going to eat?
Good Mr. Liang
Since you are here
There must be something
Yes, I do have something.
But it's okay to say
The master is like this
I've been feeling less and less fit recently.
But what about going to the hospital for a check-up?
Can't find any problem again
So I would like to ask the master to help me take a look
What's going on with this virus?
Here, give me your hand.
I'll take it down for you. Master also knows medicine
Inspiration
master
See what's coming
Boss Liang
The patient was poisoned.
What poison
Exactly.
The toxins in your body are not currently spreading
So the hospital can't find it.
But your appearance shows incompetence
That's that, how should I treat it?
Toxins in the body?
I have a way to get rid of that annoyance for you
Ok ok
Hey, don't say master
After you helped me make such an adjustment?
I'm so much more comfortable
Master, you are amazing Boss Liang
Although the toxins in your body have been cleared by me
But the poisoner was never found
Still suffering.